---
title: Openings
nav:
  order: 6
  tooltip: Open positions
---

#### Post-doctoral Fellow in Computational Biology
We now have one Post-Doctoral Fellow opening to work on single cell and multi-omics investigation of human cancer, with a special focus on osteosarcoma. Osteosarcoma is the most common primary bone cancer. We are especially interested in why osteosarcoma recur and metastasize, and how to better treat them.

#### What We Look For
- Ph.D. in Bioinformatics, Bioengineering, Applied Mathematics, Computer Sciences, or a relevant discipline with solid programming skills;
- Rich experience in computational studies of either next-generation sequencing or mass spectrometry-based proteomics;
- Knowledgeable in biology and skillful in communicating with biologists and clinical doctors;
- Enthusiastic in sciences, capable of working independently, and strong in analytical skills.


#### What We Offer
- Fresh multi-omics data generated by cutting-edge technologies such as third-generation sequencing, most-advanced mass spectrometry, single-cell spatial transcriptomics, imaging, and more;
- Tight collaboration with wet-lab experiment scientists and clinical doctors for validating dry-lab findings and generating new data;
- Hands-on training from first-line data analysis to project management, student mentoring, funding application, and career development;
- Competitive salary.

#### Salary and Benefits
Starting salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. Fringe benefits including annual leave, medical and dental benefits will be provided.


#### How to apply
Please send a copy of your CV to [quanhua.muATpolyuDOTeduDOThk](mailto:quanhua.mu@polyu.edu.hk) via email.

#### About the Hong Kong Polytechnic University
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) aspires to be an innovative world-class university with a strong sense of social responsibility, driven by its motto, “To learn and to apply, for the benefit of mankind”(開物成務 勵學利民). The University's unwavering commitment to excellence has earned it international recognition, with PolyU consistently ranking among the ***top 100*** universities worldwide. Department of Applied Biology and Chemical Technology (ABCT) is a multi-disciplinary department that embraces chemistry, biology, biochemistry, biochemical engineering and materials science. In keeping with the mission of PolyU, ABCT focuses on providing high quality education and building our strength in basic and applied research to meet the requirements of a rapidly changing society.
